Foul by Antonio Barragán (Real Betis).
Attempt blocked. Takashi Inui (Real Betis) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
José Luis Morales (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Andrés Guardado (Real Betis).
Foul by Antonio Sanabria (Real Betis).
Sanjin Prcic (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Antonio Luna (Levante) is shown the yellow card.
Penalty Real Madrid. Mateo Kovacic draws a foul in the penalty area.
Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Sanjin Prcic (Levante) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Antonio Barragán (Real Betis).
Offside, Sevilla. Aleix Vidal tries a through ball, but Franco Vázquez is caught offside.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Real Betis).
Jason (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Andrés Guardado (Real Betis).
Jorge Molina (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Éver Banega (Sevilla) is shown the red card.
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Andrés Guardado.
Penalty Real Madrid. Marco Asensio draws a foul in the penalty area.
Substitution, Real Betis. Antonio Barragán 
Pedro Porro (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Pione Sisto (Celta de Vigo) hits the bar with a right footed shot from outside the box from a direct free kick.
Kiko Olivas (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Cristhian Stuani (Girona).
Dangerous play by Luis Suárez (Barcelona).
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration.
Foul by Anthony Lozano (Girona).
Offside, Real Betis. Francis tries a through ball, but Loren Morón is caught offside.
Sergi Roberto (Barcelona) is shown the red card for violent conduct.
Keko (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Cristhian Stuani (Girona) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Borja García.
Álex Granell (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Substitution, Real Valladolid. Óscar Plano replaces Chris Ramos.
Attempt missed. Portu (Girona) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is high and wide to the right.
Marc Muniesa (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Penalty conceded by Pere Pons (Girona) after a foul in the penalty area.
Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card.