Match ends, Real Betis 0, Levante 3.
Second Half ends, Real Betis 0, Levante 3.
Goal!Real Betis 0, Levante 3. José Luis Morales (Levante) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Raphael Dwamena.
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Antonio Barragán.
Attempt saved. José Luis Morales (Levante) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Chema Rodríguez.
José Luis Morales (Levante) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by José Luis Morales (Levante).
Júnior Firpo (Real Betis) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt missed. Antonio Sanabria (Real Betis) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Antonio Barragán with a cross.
Attempt saved. Loren Morón (Real Betis) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Substitution, Levante. Raphael Dwamena replaces Jason.
Attempt missed. Zouhair Feddal (Real Betis) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Antonio Barragán following a corner.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Oier Olazábal.
Attempt saved. Takashi Inui (Real Betis) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Júnior Firpo.
Sanjin Prcic (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Antonio Barragán (Real Betis).
Attempt blocked. Takashi Inui (Real Betis) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
José Luis Morales (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Andrés Guardado (Real Betis).
Foul by Antonio Sanabria (Real Betis).
Sanjin Prcic (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Antonio Luna (Levante) is shown the yellow card.
Foul by Coke (Levante).
Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Sanjin Prcic (Levante) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Antonio Barragán (Real Betis).
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Real Betis).
Jason (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Andrés Guardado (Real Betis).
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Andrés Guardado.
Substitution, Real Betis. Antonio Barragán replaces Francis.
Substitution, Levante. Antonio Luna replaces Roger Martí.
Attempt missed. Jason (Levante) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. Assisted by José Luis Morales.
Attempt saved. Sergio Canales (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Zouhair Feddal.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Sergio Postigo.
Takashi Inui (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Coke (Levante).
Substitution, Levante. Sanjin Prcic replaces Cheick Doukouré.
Attempt missed. Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right.
Substitution, Real Betis. Takashi Inui replaces William Carvalho.
Foul by Enis Bardhi (Levante).
Aissa Mandi (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Real Betis. Zouhair Feddal tries a through ball, but Loren Morón is caught offside.
Substitution, Real Betis. Antonio Sanabria replaces Ryad Boudebouz.
Attempt blocked. Zouhair Feddal (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Sergio Canales.
Francis (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Enis Bardhi (Levante).
Attempt saved. Ryad Boudebouz (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Aissa Mandi.
José Campaña (Levante) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Dangerous play by Zouhair Feddal (Real Betis).
Attempt missed. Roger Martí (Levante) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Enis Bardhi.
Goal!Real Betis 0, Levante 2. José Luis Morales (Levante) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner following a fast break.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Chema Rodríguez.
Foul by Roger Martí (Levante).
Marc Bartra (Real Betis) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt missed. Ryad Boudebouz (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Sergio Canales.
Zouhair Feddal (Real Betis) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Roger Martí (Levante).
Attempt saved. Loren Morón (Real Betis) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Ryad Boudebouz (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Chema Rodríguez (Levante).
Attempt missed. Sergio Canales (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.
Second Half begins Real Betis 0, Levante 1.
First Half ends, Real Betis 0, Levante 1.
Foul by Sergio Canales (Real Betis).
Jason (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Francis.
Attempt missed. Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Sergio Canales.
Offside, Levante. Enis Bardhi tries a through ball, but José Luis Morales is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Ryad Boudebouz (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Loren Morón.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Chema Rodríguez.
Goal!Real Betis 0, Levante 1. Roger Martí (Levante) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jason.
Foul by Andrés Guardado (Real Betis).
José Luis Morales (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Levante. Oier Olazábal tries a through ball, but Roger Martí is caught offside.
Sergio Canales (Real Betis) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Enis Bardhi (Levante).
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Real Betis).
Offside, Levante. Jason tries a through ball, but Toño is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Ryad Boudebouz (Real Betis) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high.
Attempt blocked. Loren Morón (Real Betis) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Júnior Firpo.
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Andrés Guardado.
Offside, Levante. Toño tries a through ball, but José Luis Morales is caught offside.
Foul by Zouhair Feddal (Real Betis).
Jason (Levante) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt missed. Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Ryad Boudebouz.
Offside, Real Betis. Ryad Boudebouz tries a through ball, but Andrés Guardado is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Ryad Boudebouz (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Aissa Mandi.
Attempt saved. Sergio Canales (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Francis.
Foul by Cheick Doukouré (Levante).
Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Coke.
Attempt saved. Loren Morón (Real Betis) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Attempt saved. Júnior Firpo (Real Betis) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Zouhair Feddal.
José Luis Morales (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Aissa Mandi (Real Betis).
First Half begins.
Lineups are announced and players are warming up."}]},
Match ends, Athletic Club 2, Leganés 1.
Second Half ends, Athletic Club 2, Leganés 1.
Raúl García (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Gerard Gumbau (Leganés).
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration.
Goal!Athletic Club 2, Leganés 1. Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Raúl García with a cross.
Michael Santos (Leganés) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Michael Santos (Leganés).
Yuri (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Peru Nolaskoain (Athletic Club) header from very close range misses to the right. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Athletic Club. Conceded by Ezequiel Muñoz.
Substitution, Leganés. Youssef En-Nesyri replaces Guido Carrillo because of an injury.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Guido Carrillo (Leganés) because of an injury.
Foul by Iñigo Córdoba (Athletic Club).
Rubén Pérez (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Jonathan Silva (Leganés) is shown the yellow card.
Corner,Athletic Club. Conceded by Jonathan Silva.
Attempt missed. Dimitrios Siovas (Leganés) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Jonathan Silva with a cross following a set piece situation.
Raúl García (Athletic Club) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Raúl García (Athletic Club).
Raúl García (Leganés) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Corner,Leganés. Conceded by Unai Simón.
Attempt saved. Daniel Ojeda (Leganés) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Jonathan Silva with a cross.
Gerard Gumbau (Leganés) is shown the yellow card.
Substitution, Athletic Club. Raúl García replaces Unai López.
Foul by Ander Capa (Athletic Club).
Jonathan Silva (Leganés) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt saved. Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Iker Muniain.
Attempt missed. Yuri (Athletic Club) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right following a corner.
Corner,Athletic Club. Conceded by Dimitrios Siovas.
Yuri (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Daniel Ojeda (Leganés).
Foul by Dani García (Athletic Club).
Guido Carrillo (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Ander Capa (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Michael Santos (Leganés).
Substitution, Athletic Club. Iñigo Córdoba replaces Aritz Aduriz.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Aritz Aduriz (Athletic Club) because of an injury.
Corner,Athletic Club. Conceded by Iván Cuéllar.
Attempt saved. Aritz Aduriz (Athletic Club) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross.
Juanfran (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club).
Offside, Leganés. Raúl García tries a through ball, but Jonathan Silva is caught offside.
Substitution, Athletic Club. Ander Capa replaces Óscar De Marcos.
Substitution, Leganés. Daniel Ojeda replaces Nabil El Zhar.
Attempt missed. Ezequiel Muñoz (Leganés) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Nabil El Zhar with a cross following a set piece situation.
Foul by Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club).
Michael Santos (Leganés) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Corner,Athletic Club. Conceded by Jonathan Silva.
Attempt missed. Guido Carrillo (Leganés) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Juanfran with a cross.
Substitution, Leganés. Michael Santos replaces Javier Eraso.
Attempt missed. Markel Susaeta (Athletic Club) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right.
Foul by Aritz Aduriz (Athletic Club).
Javier Eraso (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Guido Carrillo (Leganés) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Guido Carrillo (Leganés).
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Yuri (Athletic Club) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Juanfran (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Yuri (Athletic Club).
Unai López (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Nabil El Zhar (Leganés).
Foul by Iker Muniain (Athletic Club).
Rubén Pérez (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Ezequiel Muñoz (Leganés).
Aritz Aduriz (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Javier Eraso (Leganés) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Dani García (Athletic Club).
Second Half begins Athletic Club 1, Leganés 1.
First Half ends, Athletic Club 1, Leganés 1.
Attempt missed. Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Iñaki Williams.
Attempt missed. Guido Carrillo (Leganés) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Juanfran with a cross.
Attempt missed. Markel Susaeta (Athletic Club) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick.
Raúl García (Leganés) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Raúl García (Leganés).
Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt saved. Aritz Aduriz (Athletic Club) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Iñaki Williams with a cross.
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Rubén Pérez (Leganés).
Goal!Athletic Club 1, Leganés 1. Jonathan Silva (Leganés) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal.
Attempt blocked. Gerard Gumbau (Leganés) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Javier Eraso.
Guido Carrillo (Leganés) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club).
Attempt missed. Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Iker Muniain with a through ball.
Goal!Athletic Club 1, Leganés 0. Peru Nolaskoain (Athletic Club) header from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Athletic Club. Conceded by Dimitrios Siovas.
Attempt blocked. Óscar De Marcos (Athletic Club) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Markel Susaeta.
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Gerard Gumbau (Leganés).
Attempt missed. Guido Carrillo (Leganés) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high.
Corner,Leganés. Conceded by Iñaki Williams.
Attempt blocked. Gerard Gumbau (Leganés) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Guido Carrillo (Leganés) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club).
Attempt missed. Raúl García (Leganés) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Gerard Gumbau.
Attempt blocked. Óscar De Marcos (Athletic Club) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Attempt blocked. Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross.
Markel Susaeta (Athletic Club) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Raúl García (Leganés).
Attempt missed. Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross following a set piece situation.
Foul by Raúl García (Leganés).
Óscar De Marcos (Athletic Club) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Yuri (Athletic Club) left footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Óscar De Marcos.
Attempt missed. Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross following a set piece situation.
Foul by Javier Eraso (Leganés).
Yuri (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Nabil El Zhar (Leganés) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Gerard Gumbau with a cross.
First Half begins.
Lineups are announced and players are warming up."}]},
Match ends, Real Madrid 2, Getafe 0.
Second Half ends, Real Madrid 2, Getafe 0.
Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Djené Dakonam (Getafe).
Attempt blocked. Gaku Shibasaki (Getafe) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Mauro Arambarri.
Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Iván Alejo (Getafe).
Attempt saved. Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Nemanja Maksimovic.
Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Jaime Mata (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Nacho (Real Madrid).
Hand ball by Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe).
Attempt missed. Jaime Mata (Getafe) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Leandro Cabrera with a cross.
Foul by Toni Kroos (Real Madrid).
Mauro Arambarri (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left following a set piece situation.
Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Djené Dakonam (Getafe).
Foul by Djené Dakonam (Getafe).
Luka Modric (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt blocked. Casemiro (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Lucas Vázquez.
Leandro Cabrera (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Bruno González (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Bruno González (Getafe).
Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Mauro Arambarri (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Mauro Arambarri (Getafe).
Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Real Madrid. Lucas Vázquez replaces Gareth Bale.
Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe).
Foul by Mauro Arambarri (Getafe).
Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Damián Suárez (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Marco Asensio (Real Madrid).
Attempt blocked. Iván Alejo (Getafe) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Mauro Arambarri.
Substitution, Real Madrid. Luka Modric replaces Dani Ceballos.
Substitution, Getafe. Ángel Rodríguez replaces Jorge Molina.
Attempt missed. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assisted by Toni Kroos.
Attempt missed. Mauro Arambarri (Getafe) right footed shot from outside the box is too high.
Marcelo (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Marcelo (Real Madrid).
Iván Alejo (Getafe) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Jorge Molina (Getafe) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
Substitution, Getafe. Iván Alejo replaces Francisco Portillo.
Jaime Mata (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for dangerous play.
Dangerous play by Jaime Mata (Getafe).
Nacho (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Real Madrid. Marcelo tries a through ball, but Karim Benzema is caught offside.
Foul by Jaime Mata (Getafe).
Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Jorge Molina (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).
Attempt saved. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Karim Benzema.
Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Jaime Mata (Getafe).
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Djené Dakonam.
Substitution, Getafe. Jaime Mata replaces Amath Ndiaye.
Substitution, Real Madrid. Casemiro replaces Isco.
Djené Dakonam (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Isco (Real Madrid).
Foul by Amath Ndiaye (Getafe).
Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) hits the left post with a right footed shot from outside the box.
Hand ball by Jorge Molina (Getafe).
Goal!Real Madrid 2, Getafe 0. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner.
Foul by Mauro Arambarri (Getafe).
Dani Ceballos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Isco (Real Madrid).
Amath Ndiaye (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Damián Suárez (Getafe).
Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Real Madrid. Nacho tries a through ball, but Marco Asensio is caught offside.
Foul by Djené Dakonam (Getafe).
Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Second Half begins Real Madrid 1, Getafe 0.
First Half ends, Real Madrid 1, Getafe 0.
Leandro Cabrera (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).
Djené Dakonam (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Djené Dakonam (Getafe).
Amath Ndiaye (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Amath Ndiaye (Getafe).
Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Nemanja Maksimovic (Getafe).
Foul by Leandro Cabrera (Getafe).
Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Offside, Real Madrid. Marcelo tries a through ball, but Karim Benzema is caught offside.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Djené Dakonam.
Attempt blocked. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is blocked.
Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Mauro Arambarri (Getafe).
Offside, Real Madrid. Marco Asensio tries a through ball, but Sergio Ramos is caught offside.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Amath Ndiaye.
Jorge Molina (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Jorge Molina (Getafe).
Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Mauro Arambarri (Getafe).
Nacho (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Dani Ceballos.
Foul by Jorge Molina (Getafe).
Nacho (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Real Madrid. Toni Kroos tries a through ball, but Isco is caught offside.
Goal!Real Madrid 1, Getafe 0. Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) header from the right side of the box to the high centre of the goal.
Foul by Jorge Molina (Getafe).
Nacho (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Marcelo with a cross.
Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Gaku Shibasaki (Getafe).
Foul by Gaku Shibasaki (Getafe).
Dani Ceballos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Mauro Arambarri (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Isco (Real Madrid).
Offside, Real Madrid. Isco tries a through ball, but Gareth Bale is caught offside.
First Half begins.
Lineups are announced and players are warming up."}]},
Second Half ends, Barcelona 3, Alavés 0.
Goal!Barcelona 3, Alavés 0. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Luis Suárez.
Offside, Barcelona. Ivan Rakitic tries a through ball, but Lionel Messi is caught offside.
Attempt saved. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Sergi Roberto.
Hand ball by Adrián Marín (Alavés).
Manu García (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Arthur (Barcelona).
Dangerous play by Luis Suárez (Barcelona).
Adrián Marín (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Barcelona. Arturo Vidal replaces Sergio Busquets.
Goal!Barcelona 2, Alavés 0. Coutinho (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Arthur.
Attempt saved. Coutinho (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Lionel Messi with a through ball.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Guillermo Maripán.
Attempt missed. Adrián Marín (Alavés) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Ibai Gómez following a set piece situation.
Burgui (Alavés) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona).
Samuel Umtiti (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Manu García (Alavés).
Substitution, Barcelona. Arthur replaces Ousmane Dembélé.
Hand ball by Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona).
Offside, Barcelona. Sergi Roberto tries a through ball, but Lionel Messi is caught offside.
Foul by Adrián Marín (Alavés).
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Fernando Pacheco.
Attempt saved. Luis Suárez (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Substitution, Alavés. Burgui replaces Rubén Sobrino because of an injury.
Attempt missed. Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.
Substitution, Alavés. Borja Bastón replaces Jony.
Substitution, Alavés. Adrián Marín replaces Daniel Torres.
Rubén Duarte (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sergi Roberto (Barcelona).
Lionel Messi (Barcelona) hits the left post with a left footed shot from the centre of the box. Assisted by Luis Suárez.
Goal!Barcelona 1, Alavés 0. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) from a free kick with a left footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Lionel Messi (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Rubén Duarte (Alavés).
Attempt blocked. Coutinho (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Offside, Barcelona. Ivan Rakitic tries a through ball, but Lionel Messi is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Coutinho following a corner.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Guillermo Maripán.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Martín Aguirregabiria.
Attempt blocked. Jordi Alba (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Ousmane Dembélé.
Attempt blocked. Coutinho (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Jordi Alba.
Attempt blocked. Luis Suárez (Barcelona) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Jony (Alavés).
Attempt blocked. Mubarak Wakaso (Alavés) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
Attempt saved. Jordi Alba (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Ousmane Dembélé.
Second Half begins Barcelona 0, Alavés 0.
Substitution, Barcelona. Coutinho replaces Nélson Semedo.
First Half ends, Barcelona 0, Alavés 0.
Samuel Umtiti (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Jony (Alavés).
Attempt missed. Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Jordi Alba.
Foul by Jony (Alavés).
Nélson Semedo (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Guillermo Maripán (Alavés) is shown the yellow card.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Víctor Laguardia.
Attempt missed. Luis Suárez (Barcelona) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Jordi Alba.
Attempt saved. Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Lionel Messi with a through ball.
Attempt missed. Gerard Piqué (Barcelona) header from the centre of the box is too high following a set piece situation.
Lionel Messi (Barcelona) hits the bar with a left footed shot from outside the box from a direct free kick.
Lionel Messi (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Manu García (Alavés).
Attempt missed. Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Lionel Messi with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Guillermo Maripán.
Attempt missed. Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Luis Suárez.
Foul by Rubén Sobrino (Alavés).
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Jordi Alba (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Mubarak Wakaso (Alavés).
Jony (Alavés) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Sergi Roberto (Barcelona).
Foul by Rubén Duarte (Alavés).
Lionel Messi (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Luis Suárez (Barcelona) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner following a corner.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Víctor Laguardia.
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Rubén Sobrino (Alavés).
Attempt missed. Rubén Sobrino (Alavés) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Manu García with a cross.
Attempt saved. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Sergio Busquets.
Corner,Alavés. Conceded by Gerard Piqué.
Daniel Torres (Alavés) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Daniel Torres (Alavés).
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Jordi Alba (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Lionel Messi.
Attempt missed. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Ivan Rakitic.
First Half begins.
Lineups are announced and players are warming up."}]},
Second Half ends, Girona 0, Real Valladolid 0.
Attempt missed. Portu (Girona) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Álex Granell with a cross.
Attempt blocked. Anthony Lozano (Girona) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Álex Granell with a cross.
Hand ball by Pere Pons (Girona).
Keko (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anthony Lozano (Girona).
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Kiko Olivas (Real Valladolid).
Foul by Pere Pons (Girona).
Keko (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Real Valladolid. Míchel replaces Toni Villa.
Álex Granell (Girona) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Toni Villa (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Álex Granell (Girona).
Attempt blocked. Borja García (Girona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Juanpe.
Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid).
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Anthony Lozano (Girona).
Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Álex Granell (Girona) left footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the right. Assisted by Pere Pons.
Foul by Borja Fernández (Real Valladolid).
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Girona. Patrick Roberts replaces Cristhian Stuani.
Attempt missed. Borja García (Girona) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Marc Muniesa.
Foul by Pere Pons (Girona).
Óscar Plano (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Cristhian Stuani (Girona).
Fernando Calero (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Álex Granell (Girona) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Toni Villa (Real Valladolid).
Substitution, Girona. Pere Pons replaces David Timor.
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Borja Fernández (Real Valladolid).
Attempt missed. Cristhian Stuani (Girona) header from very close range is too high. Assisted by Marc Muniesa.
Substitution, Real Valladolid. Daniele Verde replaces Anuar Mohamed.
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Borja Fernández (Real Valladolid).
Offside, Girona. Álex Granell tries a through ball, but Portu is caught offside.
Pedro Porro (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Kiko Olivas (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Cristhian Stuani (Girona).
Foul by Anthony Lozano (Girona).
Keko (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Cristhian Stuani (Girona) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Borja García.
Álex Granell (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Substitution, Real Valladolid. Óscar Plano replaces Chris Ramos.
Attempt missed. Portu (Girona) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is high and wide to the right.
Marc Muniesa (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Substitution, Girona. Anthony Lozano replaces Aleix García.
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Kiko Olivas (Real Valladolid).
Attempt missed. David Timor (Girona) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right.
Dangerous play by Chris Ramos (Real Valladolid).
Juanpe (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Hand ball by Portu (Girona).
Foul by Javi Moyano (Real Valladolid).
Álex Granell (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Chris Ramos (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Juanpe (Girona).
Hand ball by Portu (Girona).
Foul by Chris Ramos (Real Valladolid).
Bernardo Espinosa (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
David Timor (Girona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Cristhian Stuani (Girona).
Second Half begins Girona 0, Real Valladolid 0.
First Half ends, Girona 0, Real Valladolid 0.
Foul by Nacho (Real Valladolid).
Álex Granell (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid).
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Real Valladolid. Conceded by Pedro Porro.
Foul by Marc Muniesa (Girona).
Keko (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Kiko Olivas (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Cristhian Stuani (Girona).
Attempt missed. Borja García (Girona) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Cristhian Stuani.
Foul by Portu (Girona).
Toni Villa (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Fernando Calero (Real Valladolid).
Cristhian Stuani (Girona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Offside, Real Valladolid. Nacho tries a through ball, but Keko is caught offside.
Toni Villa (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Second Half ends, Celta de Vigo 1, Espanyol 1.
Attempt missed. Dennis Eckert (Celta de Vigo) header from the right side of the box is too high. Assisted by Iago Aspas following a set piece situation.
Dídac Vilá (Espanyol) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Sofiane Boufal (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Dídac Vilá (Espanyol).
Attempt missed. Fran Beltrán (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left following a corner.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Sergio García.
Foul by Hernán Pérez (Espanyol).
Júnior Alonso (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt missed. Sergi Darder (Espanyol) right footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Javi Puado.
Foul by Gustavo Cabral (Celta de Vigo).
Sergio García (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Substitution, Celta de Vigo. Dennis Eckert replaces Maxi Gómez.
Júnior Alonso (Celta de Vigo) is shown the yellow card for dangerous play.
Dangerous play by Júnior Alonso (Celta de Vigo).
Diego López (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Javi López.
Attempt missed. Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left from a direct free kick.
Foul by Javi López (Espanyol).
Sofiane Boufal (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Javi Puado (Espanyol) right footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Sergio García with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Gustavo Cabral.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Sergio Álvarez.
Attempt saved. Sergio García (Espanyol) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Javi López.
Hernán Pérez (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Gustavo Cabral (Celta de Vigo).
Foul by Sofiane Boufal (Celta de Vigo).
Víctor Sánchez (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Emre Mor (Celta de Vigo) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Iago Aspas.
Substitution, Espanyol. Javi Puado replaces Pablo Piatti.
Foul by Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo).
Dídac Vilá (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Sergio García (Espanyol) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Javi López with a cross.
Attempt blocked. Sergio García (Espanyol) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Pablo Piatti.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Substitution, Celta de Vigo. Sofiane Boufal replaces Brais Méndez.
Delay in match(Espanyol).
Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Mario Hermoso (Espanyol).
Attempt blocked. Víctor Sánchez (Espanyol) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Marc Roca (Espanyol) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Marc Roca (Espanyol).
Substitution, Espanyol. Hernán Pérez replaces Leo Baptistao.
Substitution, Espanyol. Sergio García replaces Borja Iglesias.
Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo) is shown the yellow card.
Foul by Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo).
Mario Hermoso (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Marc Roca.
Attempt blocked. Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Maxi Gómez.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by David López.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Leo Baptistao.
Offside, Celta de Vigo. Iago Aspas tries a through ball, but Maxi Gómez is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Hugo Mallo with a cross.
Offside, Espanyol. Sergi Darder tries a through ball, but Borja Iglesias is caught offside.
Attempt blocked. Stanislav Lobotka (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Brais Méndez.
Foul by Marc Roca (Espanyol).
Brais Méndez (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Brais Méndez (Celta de Vigo) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Stanislav Lobotka.
Attempt missed. Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Pablo Piatti.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Dídac Vilá.
Substitution, Celta de Vigo. Emre Mor replaces Pione Sisto.
Own Goal by David López, Espanyol.Celta de Vigo 1, Espanyol 1.
Foul by Hugo Mallo (Celta de Vigo).
Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Borja Iglesias (Espanyol).
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Pione Sisto.
Attempt blocked. Víctor Sánchez (Espanyol) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Borja Iglesias.
Second Half begins Celta de Vigo 0, Espanyol 1.
First Half ends, Celta de Vigo 0, Espanyol 1.
Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Néstor Araújo (Celta de Vigo).
Goal!Celta de Vigo 0, Espanyol 1. Mario Hermoso (Espanyol) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner following a corner.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Hugo Mallo.
Brais Méndez (Celta de Vigo) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Sergi Darder (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Brais Méndez (Celta de Vigo).
Foul by Dídac Vilá (Espanyol).
Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt blocked. Mario Hermoso (Espanyol) left footed shot from more than 35 yards is blocked. Assisted by Marc Roca.
Offside, Celta de Vigo. Sergio Álvarez tries a through ball, but Maxi Gómez is caught offside.
Foul by Víctor Sánchez (Espanyol).
Iago Aspas (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Javi López.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Hugo Mallo.
Leo Baptistao (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Júnior Alonso (Celta de Vigo).
Second Half ends, Villarreal 1, Real Sociedad 2.
Attempt saved. Santiago Cáseres (Villarreal) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Carlos Bacca.
Offside, Real Sociedad. Joseba Zaldua tries a through ball, but Juanmi is caught offside.
Attempt blocked. Mario Gaspar (Villarreal) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Carlos Bacca.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Héctor Moreno.
Attempt blocked. Manu Trigueros (Villarreal) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Asier Illarramendi.
Foul by Willian José (Real Sociedad).
Álvaro González (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Aritz Elustondo.
Theo Hernández (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Manu Trigueros (Villarreal).
Offside, Real Sociedad. Gerónimo Rulli tries a through ball, but Willian José is caught offside.
Attempt blocked. Gerard Moreno (Villarreal) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Carlos Bacca.
Substitution, Real Sociedad. Aritz Elustondo replaces Mikel Oyarzabal.
Attempt saved. Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Gerard Moreno.
Attempt missed. Mikel Oyarzabal (Real Sociedad) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Joseba Zaldua.
Attempt missed. Manu Trigueros (Villarreal) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high.
Substitution, Villarreal. Carlos Bacca replaces Pablo Fornals.
Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad).
Foul by Raba (Villarreal).
Asier Illarramendi (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Juanmi (Real Sociedad) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Alfonso Pedraza (Villarreal).
Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Substitution, Villarreal. Manu Trigueros replaces Santiago Cazorla.
Delay in match Mikel Oyarzabal (Real Sociedad) because of an injury.
Goal!Villarreal 1, Real Sociedad 2. Juanmi (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner.
Gerard Moreno (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Héctor Moreno (Real Sociedad).
Offside, Real Sociedad. Asier Illarramendi tries a through ball, but Héctor Moreno is caught offside.
Substitution, Real Sociedad. Juanmi replaces Rubén Pardo.
Santiago Cáseres (Villarreal) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Santiago Cáseres (Villarreal).
David Zurutuza (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Substitution, Villarreal. Raba replaces Manuel Morlanes.
Foul by Alfonso Pedraza (Villarreal).
Mikel Oyarzabal (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Pablo Fornals (Villarreal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Santiago Cáseres.
Attempt saved. Diego Llorente (Real Sociedad) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Rubén Pardo with a cross.
Corner,Real Sociedad. Conceded by Alfonso Pedraza.
Substitution, Real Sociedad. David Zurutuza replaces Mikel Merino.
Foul by Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal).
Héctor Moreno (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Santiago Cazorla.
Attempt blocked. Alfonso Pedraza (Villarreal) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Karl Toko Ekambi.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Theo Hernández (Real Sociedad) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Delay in match Santiago Cáseres (Villarreal) because of an injury.
Foul by Theo Hernández (Real Sociedad).
Santiago Cáseres (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt blocked. Santiago Cazorla (Villarreal) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is blocked. Assisted by Pablo Fornals.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Diego Llorente (Real Sociedad) because of an injury.
Diego Llorente (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Gerard Moreno (Villarreal).
Second Half begins Villarreal 1, Real Sociedad 1.
First Half ends, Villarreal 1, Real Sociedad 1.
Álvaro González (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Diego Llorente (Real Sociedad).
Corner,Real Sociedad. Conceded by Manuel Morlanes.
Attempt blocked. Rubén Pardo (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Willian José.
Hand ball by Willian José (Real Sociedad).
Goal!Villarreal 1, Real Sociedad 1. Willian José (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom right corner.
Foul by Gerard Moreno (Villarreal).
Asier Illarramendi (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Ramiro Funes Mori (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Mikel Oyarzabal (Real Sociedad).
Foul by Alfonso Pedraza (Villarreal).
Mikel Oyarzabal (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Álvaro González (Villarreal).
Willian José (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Real Sociedad. Héctor Moreno tries a through ball, but Willian José is caught offside.
Manuel Morlanes (Villarreal) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Manuel Morlanes (Villarreal).
Theo Hernández (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Santiago Cazorla (Villarreal) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Alfonso Pedraza.
Foul by Mario Gaspar (Villarreal).
Héctor Moreno (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Mario Gaspar with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Igor Zubeldia.
Gerard Moreno (Villarreal) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Héctor Moreno (Real Sociedad).
Álvaro González (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Diego Llorente (Real Sociedad).
Second Half ends, Eibar 1, Huesca 2.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Luisinho.
Samuele Longo (Huesca) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Pedro Bigas (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Eibar. Cote tries a through ball, but Sergi Enrich is caught offside.
Substitution, Huesca. David Ferreiro replaces Damián Musto.
Rubén Peña (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Gonzalo Melero (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Charles (Eibar).
Damián Musto (Huesca) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Pape Diop (Eibar).
Substitution, Eibar. Pedro Bigas replaces Anaitz Arbilla.
Foul by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Gonzalo Escalante (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Sergi Enrich (Eibar) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Cote with a cross following a corner.
Substitution, Huesca. Rúben Semedo replaces Juan Camilo Hernández.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Xabier Etxeita.
Foul by Jorge Miramón (Huesca).
Fabián Orellana (Eibar) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Luisinho following a fast break.
Attempt missed. Sergi Enrich (Eibar) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Gonzalo Escalante.
Attempt missed. Charles (Eibar) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Joan Jordán with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Moi Gómez.
Hand ball by Fabián Orellana (Eibar).
Attempt saved. Damián Musto (Huesca) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Juan Camilo Hernández.
Substitution, Huesca. Ezequiel Ávila replaces Álex Gallar.
Goal!Eibar 1, Huesca 2. Gonzalo Escalante (Eibar) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Rubén Peña.
Attempt blocked. Joan Jordán (Eibar) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Luisinho (Huesca) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Gonzalo Escalante (Eibar).
Attempt blocked. Pape Diop (Eibar) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Joan Jordán with a cross.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Xabier Etxeita.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Xabier Etxeita.
Foul by Damián Musto (Huesca).
Charles (Eibar) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Pape Diop (Eibar) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Damián Musto (Huesca).
Attempt missed. Fabián Orellana (Eibar) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Charles.
Offside, Huesca. Gonzalo Melero tries a through ball, but Juan Camilo Hernández is caught offside.
Substitution, Eibar. Gonzalo Escalante replaces Bebé.
Attempt blocked. Moi Gómez (Huesca) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Luisinho.
Attempt saved. Luisinho (Huesca) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Attempt saved. Moi Gómez (Huesca) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Álex Gallar.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Damián Musto (Huesca) because of an injury.
Joan Jordán (Eibar) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Joan Jordán (Eibar).
Damián Musto (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Second Half begins Eibar 0, Huesca 2.
Substitution, Eibar. Charles replaces Kike García.
First Half ends, Eibar 0, Huesca 2.
Offside, Huesca. Xabier Etxeita tries a through ball, but Gonzalo Melero is caught offside.
Paulo Oliveira (Eibar) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Attempt blocked. Bebé (Eibar) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Joan Jordán.
Attempt saved. Rubén Peña (Eibar) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Sergi Enrich.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Jorge Miramón.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Jorge Miramón.
Attempt missed. Sergi Enrich (Eibar) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Bebé with a cross.
Goal!Eibar 0, Huesca 2. Álex Gallar (Huesca) from a free kick with a left footed shot to the top left corner.
Foul by Sergi Enrich (Eibar).
Damián Musto (Huesca) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Sergi Enrich (Eibar) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assisted by Anaitz Arbilla.
Attempt saved. Bebé (Eibar) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Hand ball by Bebé (Eibar).
Sergi Enrich (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Damián Musto (Huesca).
Foul by Bebé (Eibar).
Damián Musto (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Jorge Miramón (Huesca).
Bebé (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Cote (Eibar).
Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Pape Diop (Eibar).
Gonzalo Melero (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Gonzalo Melero (Huesca).
Pape Diop (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Samuele Longo (Huesca) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Dangerous play by Pape Diop (Eibar).
Foul by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Cote (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Sergi Enrich (Eibar) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Attempt blocked. Kike García (Eibar) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Rubén Peña.
Attempt missed. Rubén Peña (Eibar) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Fabián Orellana.
Joan Jordán (Eibar) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Damián Musto (Huesca).
Second Half ends, Leganés 2, Real Sociedad 2.
Attempt saved. Rubén Pardo (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from long range on the left is saved in the top right corner.
Jonathan Silva (Leganés) is shown the yellow card.
Juanmi (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Jonathan Silva (Leganés).
Offside, Leganés. Youssef En-Nesyri tries a through ball, but Michael Santos is caught offside.
Attempt blocked. Guido Carrillo (Leganés) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Nabil El Zhar with a cross.
Goal!Leganés 2, Real Sociedad 2. Nabil El Zhar (Leganés) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Michael Santos with a headed pass.
Youssef En-Nesyri (Leganés) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Theo Hernández (Real Sociedad).
Attempt missed. Youssef En-Nesyri (Leganés) left footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Guido Carrillo with a headed pass.
Foul by Diego Rolan (Leganés).
Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Substitution, Leganés. Youssef En-Nesyri replaces Ezequiel Muñoz.
Attempt missed. Guido Carrillo (Leganés) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Jonathan Silva.
Attempt missed. Jonathan Silva (Leganés) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.
Attempt saved. Willian José (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Igor Zubeldia.
Juanmi (Real Sociedad) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Juanmi (Real Sociedad).
Jonathan Silva (Leganés) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt blocked. Jonathan Silva (Leganés) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Diego Rolan.
Attempt missed. Dimitrios Siovas (Leganés) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Nabil El Zhar with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Leganés. Conceded by Asier Illarramendi.
Substitution, Real Sociedad. Rubén Pardo replaces Mikel Oyarzabal.
Héctor Moreno (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Michael Santos (Leganés).
Corner,Leganés. Conceded by Gerónimo Rulli.
Attempt saved. Rubén Pérez (Leganés) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner.
Corner,Leganés. Conceded by Joseba Zaldua.
Attempt missed. Guido Carrillo (Leganés) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Nabil El Zhar.
Attempt blocked. Michael Santos (Leganés) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Jonathan Silva with a cross.
Asier Illarramendi (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Juanfran (Leganés).
Substitution, Leganés. Diego Rolan replaces Daniel Ojeda.
Attempt blocked. Gerard Gumbau (Leganés) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Jonathan Silva.
Offside, Leganés. Guido Carrillo tries a through ball, but Michael Santos is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Willian José.
Substitution, Real Sociedad. Mikel Merino replaces David Zurutuza.
Attempt missed. Ezequiel Muñoz (Leganés) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Jonathan Silva with a cross following a set piece situation.
Foul by Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad).
Gerard Gumbau (Leganés) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Offside, Real Sociedad. Gerónimo Rulli tries a through ball, but Juanmi is caught offside.
Offside, Leganés. Nabil El Zhar tries a through ball, but Guido Carrillo is caught offside.
Aritz Elustondo (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Michael Santos (Leganés).
Goal!Leganés 1, Real Sociedad 2. Nabil El Zhar (Leganés) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Gerard Gumbau.
Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Michael Santos (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad).
Asier Illarramendi (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Gerard Gumbau (Leganés).
Offside, Real Sociedad. Joseba Zaldua tries a through ball, but Willian José is caught offside.
Foul by Rubén Pérez (Leganés).
Theo Hernández (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Héctor Moreno (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Ezequiel Muñoz (Leganés).
Corner,Leganés. Conceded by Aritz Elustondo.
Second Half begins Leganés 0, Real Sociedad 2.
Substitution, Leganés. Michael Santos replaces Javier Eraso.
First Half ends, Leganés 0, Real Sociedad 2.
Foul by Daniel Ojeda (Leganés).
Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Guido Carrillo (Leganés) with an attempt from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Jonathan Silva with a cross.
Foul by Willian José (Real Sociedad).
Gerard Gumbau (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Asier Illarramendi (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Nabil El Zhar (Leganés).
Foul by Igor Zubeldia (Real Sociedad).
Guido Carrillo (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Gerard Gumbau (Leganés) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Rubén Pérez.
Foul by Willian José (Real Sociedad).
Rubén Pérez (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Daniel Ojeda (Leganés) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Gerard Gumbau with a headed pass.
Dimitrios Siovas (Leganés) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Daniel Ojeda with a cross following a set piece situation.
Daniel Ojeda (Leganés) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad).
Attempt blocked. Nabil El Zhar (Leganés) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Guido Carrillo with a headed pass.
Substitution, Real Sociedad. Aritz Elustondo replaces Diego Llorente because of an injury.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Diego Llorente (Real Sociedad) because of an injury.
Joseba Zaldua (Real Sociedad) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Daniel Ojeda (Leganés).
Goal!Leganés 0, Real Sociedad 2. Asier Illarramendi (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal.
Attempt saved. Juanmi (Real Sociedad) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner.
Iván Cuéllar (Leganés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Juanmi (Real Sociedad).
Goal!Leganés 0, Real Sociedad 1. David Zurutuza (Real Sociedad) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Joseba Zaldua.
Attempt saved. Juanmi (Real Sociedad) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Willian José.
Second Half ends, Sevilla 0, Villarreal 0.
Offside, Villarreal. Raba tries a through ball, but Carlos Bacca is caught offside.
Hand ball by André Silva (Sevilla).
Gerard Moreno (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sergi Gómez (Sevilla).
Attempt blocked. Aleix Vidal (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Wissam Ben Yedder.
Simon Kjaer (Sevilla) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Gerard Moreno (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Simon Kjaer (Sevilla).
Wissam Ben Yedder (Sevilla) hits the left post with a left footed shot from the left side of the box. Assisted by André Silva.
Foul by Gerard Moreno (Villarreal).
Aleix Vidal (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. André Silva (Sevilla) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Pablo Sarabia with a headed pass.
Jaume Costa (Villarreal) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Jaume Costa (Villarreal).
Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
André Silva (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Víctor Ruiz (Villarreal).
Substitution, Sevilla. Wissam Ben Yedder replaces Sergio Escudero because of an injury.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Sergio Escudero (Sevilla) because of an injury.
Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) is shown the yellow card.
Attempt blocked. Carlos Bacca (Villarreal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Alfonso Pedraza.
Substitution, Villarreal. Raba replaces Santi Cazorla.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Sevilla).
Attempt missed. Gabriel Mercado (Sevilla) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Aleix Vidal.
Attempt blocked. Jesús Navas (Sevilla) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Aleix Vidal.
Attempt missed. Sergio Escudero (Sevilla) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Pablo Sarabia.
Foul by Mario Gaspar (Villarreal).
Sergio Escudero (Sevilla) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Tomás Vaclik.
Attempt saved. Carlos Bacca (Villarreal) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Gerard Moreno with a through ball.
Jesús Navas (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Manu Trigueros (Villarreal).
Substitution, Sevilla. Maxime Gonalons replaces Éver Banega.
Substitution, Sevilla. Aleix Vidal replaces Franco Vázquez.
Substitution, Villarreal. Carlos Bacca replaces Pablo Fornals.
Substitution, Villarreal. Jaume Costa replaces Karl Toko Ekambi.
Attempt blocked. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Attempt blocked. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by André Silva.
Attempt missed. Manu Trigueros (Villarreal) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Santi Cazorla.
Attempt missed. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) header from the right side of the six yard box misses to the left. Assisted by Sergio Escudero with a cross.
Roque Mesa (Sevilla) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal).
Attempt missed. André Silva (Sevilla) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Franco Vázquez following a fast break.
Attempt missed. Pablo Fornals (Villarreal) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Víctor Ruiz following a corner.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Simon Kjaer.
Attempt blocked. Pablo Fornals (Villarreal) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Santiago Cáseres.
Franco Vázquez (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Santiago Cáseres (Villarreal).
Attempt blocked. Gerard Moreno (Villarreal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Foul by Éver Banega (Sevilla).
Manu Trigueros (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Santi Cazorla (Villarreal) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high.
Attempt saved. Alfonso Pedraza (Villarreal) left footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Manu Trigueros.
Santi Cazorla (Villarreal) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Simon Kjaer (Sevilla).
Attempt missed. André Silva (Sevilla) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Franco Vázquez.
Second Half begins Sevilla 0, Villarreal 0.
First Half ends, Sevilla 0, Villarreal 0.
Gabriel Mercado (Sevilla) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Gabriel Mercado (Sevilla).
Gerard Moreno (Villarreal) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt saved. Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Manu Trigueros.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Tomás Vaclik.
Attempt saved. Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Gerard Moreno.
Attempt saved. Karl Toko Ekambi (Villarreal) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Manu Trigueros.
Attempt blocked. Santi Cazorla (Villarreal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Gerard Moreno.
Attempt blocked. Franco Vázquez (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Foul by Sergio Escudero (Sevilla).
Santi Cazorla (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Franco Vázquez (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Santiago Cáseres (Villarreal).
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Sevilla).
Foul by Roque Mesa (Sevilla).
Pablo Fornals (Villarreal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt blocked. Pablo Fornals (Villarreal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Alfonso Pedraza.
Attempt saved. Pablo Fornals (Villarreal) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Santi Cazorla.
Offside, Villarreal. Santi Cazorla tries a through ball, but Manu Trigueros is caught offside.
Corner,Villarreal. Conceded by Sergi Gómez.
Attempt blocked. Sergio Escudero (Sevilla) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Pablo Sarabia with a cross.
Corner,Sevilla. Conceded by Gerard Moreno.
Attempt blocked. Éver Banega (Sevilla) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Foul by Santi Cazorla (Villarreal).
Sergio Escudero (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Hand ball by Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla).
Second Half ends, Levante 1, Celta de Vigo 2.
Rober Pier (Levante) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Dennis Eckert (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Rober Pier (Levante).
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Facundo Roncaglia.
Attempt blocked. Rubén Rochina (Levante) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by José Luis Morales with a cross.
Attempt blocked. Sofiane Boufal (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Attempt blocked. Sofiane Boufal (Celta de Vigo) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Stanislav Lobotka.
Attempt saved. Dennis Eckert (Celta de Vigo) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Gustavo Cabral with a headed pass.
Sofiane Boufal (Celta de Vigo) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Sofiane Boufal (Celta de Vigo).
Toño (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Dennis Eckert (Celta de Vigo) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Sofiane Boufal with a through ball.
Substitution, Celta de Vigo. Dennis Eckert replaces Maxi Gómez.
José Luis Morales (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Fran Beltrán (Celta de Vigo).
Attempt saved. Rubén Rochina (Levante) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Offside, Celta de Vigo. Júnior Alonso tries a through ball, but Maxi Gómez is caught offside.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Oier Olazábal.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Rober Pier.
Attempt blocked. Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from very close range is blocked. Assisted by Sofiane Boufal.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Facundo Roncaglia (Celta de Vigo) because of an injury.
Foul by José Luis Morales (Levante).
Facundo Roncaglia (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Celta de Vigo. Néstor Araújo tries a through ball, but Maxi Gómez is caught offside.
Stanislav Lobotka (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sanjin Prcic (Levante).
Substitution, Celta de Vigo. Okay Yokuslu replaces Pione Sisto.
Attempt missed. Pione Sisto (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Sofiane Boufal following a fast break.
Attempt missed. Hugo Mallo (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from long range on the right is high and wide to the left.
Goal!Levante 1, Celta de Vigo 2. José Luis Morales (Levante) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Sergio Álvarez (Celta de Vigo) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Penalty conceded by Sergio Álvarez (Celta de Vigo) after a foul in the penalty area.
Penalty Levante. Raphael Dwamena draws a foul in the penalty area.
Attempt saved. Gustavo Cabral (Celta de Vigo) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Pione Sisto.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Levante).
José Campaña (Levante) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by José Campaña (Levante).
Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Sergio Álvarez.
Attempt saved. Roger Martí (Levante) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Facundo Roncaglia.
Substitution, Levante. Rubén Rochina replaces Enis Bardhi.
Attempt missed. Hugo Mallo (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assisted by Sofiane Boufal.
Attempt saved. Néstor Araújo (Celta de Vigo) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Fran Beltrán.
Pione Sisto (Celta de Vigo) hits the bar with a right footed shot from outside the box from a direct free kick.
Foul by José Campaña (Levante).
Pione Sisto (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Offside, Levante. Toño tries a through ball, but Raphael Dwamena is caught offside.
Substitution, Celta de Vigo. Sofiane Boufal replaces Iago Aspas.
Foul by Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo).
Toño (Levante) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. José Luis Morales (Levante) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Sanjin Prcic.
Hugo Mallo (Celta de Vigo) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Enis Bardhi (Levante) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Hugo Mallo (Celta de Vigo).
Hand ball by Raphael Dwamena (Levante).
Substitution, Levante. Raphael Dwamena replaces Jason.
Attempt saved. José Luis Morales (Levante) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Coke with a cross.
Hand ball by Roger Martí (Levante).
Attempt saved. Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Júnior Alonso.
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Facundo Roncaglia.
Pione Sisto (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Dangerous play by Jason (Levante).
Attempt missed. Roger Martí (Levante) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by José Luis Morales.
Second Half begins Levante 0, Celta de Vigo 2.
Substitution, Levante. Sanjin Prcic replaces Cheick Doukouré.
First Half ends, Levante 0, Celta de Vigo 2.
Attempt missed. Enis Bardhi (Levante) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by José Luis Morales.
Attempt saved. Pione Sisto (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Iago Aspas.
Offside, Celta de Vigo. Gustavo Cabral tries a through ball, but Maxi Gómez is caught offside.
Foul by Jason (Levante).
Fran Beltrán (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Celta de Vigo. Stanislav Lobotka tries a through ball, but Júnior Alonso is caught offside.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Sergio Postigo.
Attempt blocked. Gustavo Cabral (Celta de Vigo) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Pione Sisto with a cross.
Corner,Celta de Vigo. Conceded by Sergio Postigo.
Attempt missed. Toño (Levante) left footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the right following a corner.
Corner,Levante. Conceded by Néstor Araújo.
Attempt blocked. Enis Bardhi (Levante) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Roger Martí.
Roger Martí (Levante) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Néstor Araújo (Celta de Vigo).
Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Rober Pier (Levante).
Goal!Levante 0, Celta de Vigo 2. Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Pione Sisto with a through ball.
Attempt saved. Maxi Gómez (Celta de Vigo) header from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Facundo Roncaglia.
Second Half ends, Getafe 2, Eibar 0.
Attempt missed. Vitorino Antunes (Getafe) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Damián Suárez following a corner.
Corner,Getafe. Conceded by Marko Dmitrovic.
Attempt saved. Nemanja Maksimovic (Getafe) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Francisco Portillo with a through ball.
Pape Diop (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Vitorino Antunes (Getafe).
Anaitz Arbilla (Eibar) is shown the yellow card.
Goal!Getafe 2, Eibar 0. Jorge Molina (Getafe) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal.
Attempt saved. Jorge Molina (Getafe) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Amath Ndiaye.
Damián Suárez (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Bebé (Eibar).
Pablo Hervías (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Vitorino Antunes (Getafe).
Foul by Jorge Molina (Getafe).
Paulo Oliveira (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Getafe. Leandro Cabrera replaces Ángel Rodríguez.
Offside, Eibar. Rubén Peña tries a through ball, but Sergi Enrich is caught offside.
Corner,Getafe. Conceded by Charles.
Corner,Getafe. Conceded by Rubén Peña.
Substitution, Eibar. Bebé replaces Joan Jordán.
Attempt missed. Pape Diop (Eibar) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Gonzalo Escalante following a corner.
Attempt missed. Rubén Peña (Eibar) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left following a corner.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Vitorino Antunes.
Attempt blocked. Charles (Eibar) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Joan Jordán.
Substitution, Getafe. Jorge Molina replaces Jaime Mata.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Eibar).
Attempt missed. Anaitz Arbilla (Eibar) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left from a direct free kick.
Foul by Djené Dakonam (Getafe).
Charles (Eibar) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Substitution, Eibar. Charles replaces Kike García.
Hand ball by Jaime Mata (Getafe).
Foul by Pape Diop (Eibar).
Nemanja Maksimovic (Getafe) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Substitution, Getafe. Amath Ndiaye replaces Iván Alejo.
Substitution, Eibar. Pablo Hervías replaces Pere Milla.
Kike García (Eibar) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Mauro Arambarri (Getafe).
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Vitorino Antunes.
Foul by Nemanja Maksimovic (Getafe).
Joan Jordán (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Eibar. Pere Milla tries a through ball, but Sergi Enrich is caught offside.
Mauro Arambarri (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Gonzalo Escalante (Eibar).
Attempt missed. Djené Dakonam (Getafe) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Francisco Portillo following a set piece situation.
Jaime Mata (Getafe) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Cote (Eibar).
Foul by Joan Jordán (Eibar).
Iván Alejo (Getafe) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe).
Pere Milla (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Eibar. Pere Milla tries a through ball, but Kike García is caught offside.
Kike García (Eibar) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Mauro Arambarri (Getafe).
Attempt missed. Sergi Enrich (Eibar) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Joan Jordán with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Mauro Arambarri.
Iván Alejo (Getafe) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Rubén Peña (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Iván Alejo (Getafe).
Second Half begins Getafe 1, Eibar 0.
First Half ends, Getafe 1, Eibar 0.
Corner,Getafe. Conceded by Marko Dmitrovic.
Attempt missed. Kike García (Eibar) left footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Rubén Peña.
Foul by Pere Milla (Eibar).
Damián Suárez (Getafe) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Hand ball by Kike García (Eibar).
Attempt missed. Kike García (Eibar) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Pere Milla with a cross.
Foul by Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe).
Paulo Oliveira (Eibar) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Pape Diop (Eibar) left footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left.
Offside, Getafe. Damián Suárez tries a through ball, but Jaime Mata is caught offside.
Corner,Getafe. Conceded by Anaitz Arbilla.
Hand ball by Iván Alejo (Getafe).
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Mauro Arambarri (Getafe) because of an injury.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Eibar).
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Nemanja Maksimovic.
Corner,Eibar. Conceded by Bruno González.
Attempt missed. Vitorino Antunes (Getafe) left footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the right. Assisted by Ángel Rodríguez.
Offside, Eibar. Anaitz Arbilla tries a through ball, but Joan Jordán is caught offside.
Goal!Getafe 1, Eibar 0. Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jaime Mata.
Attempt missed. Pere Milla (Eibar) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. Assisted by Kike García.
Foul by Gonzalo Escalante (Eibar).
Ángel Rodríguez (Getafe) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Iván Alejo (Getafe) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Pape Diop (Eibar).
Foul by Bruno González (Getafe).
Second Half ends, Real Valladolid 0, Barcelona 1.
Offside, Real Valladolid. Fernando Calero tries a through ball, but Keko is caught offside.
Substitution, Barcelona. Munir El Haddadi replaces Luis Suárez.
Attempt missed. Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assisted by Javi Moyano.
Attempt saved. Malcom (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Arturo Vidal with a headed pass.
Substitution, Real Valladolid. Daniele Verde replaces Toni Villa.
Hand ball by Keko (Real Valladolid).
Substitution, Barcelona. Malcom replaces Coutinho.
Offside, Barcelona. Lionel Messi tries a through ball, but Luis Suárez is caught offside.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Keko.
Attempt saved. Kiko Olivas (Real Valladolid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Óscar Plano with a cross.
Corner,Real Valladolid. Conceded by Gerard Piqué.
Attempt saved. Keko (Real Valladolid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Duje Cop with a cross.
Substitution, Barcelona. Arturo Vidal replaces Ousmane Dembélé.
Hand ball by Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid).
Corner,Real Valladolid. Conceded by Samuel Umtiti.
Hand ball by Nacho (Real Valladolid).
Foul by Jordi Alba (Barcelona).
Keko (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Coutinho (Barcelona).
Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Real Valladolid. Duje Cop replaces Enes Ünal.
Attempt missed. Óscar Plano (Real Valladolid) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Enes Ünal following a corner.
Corner,Real Valladolid. Conceded by Sergio Busquets.
Foul by Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona).
Toni Villa (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Real Valladolid. Keko replaces Borja Fernández.
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Foul by Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid).
Sergi Roberto (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Gerard Piqué (Barcelona) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Óscar Plano (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Gerard Piqué (Barcelona).
Goal!Real Valladolid 0, Barcelona 1. Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Sergi Roberto with a headed pass.
Foul by Javi Moyano (Real Valladolid).
Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Hand ball by Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona).
Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Corner,Real Valladolid. Conceded by Sergi Roberto.
Foul by Luis Suárez (Barcelona).
Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Coutinho (Barcelona).
Toni Villa (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Enes Ünal (Real Valladolid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Enes Ünal (Real Valladolid).
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Borja Fernández (Real Valladolid).
Attempt missed. Enes Ünal (Real Valladolid) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Nacho.
Second Half begins Real Valladolid 0, Barcelona 0.
First Half ends, Real Valladolid 0, Barcelona 0.
Foul by Anuar Mohamed (Real Valladolid).
Coutinho (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick.
Foul by Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid).
Lionel Messi (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Enes Ünal (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Sergio Busquets (Barcelona).
Hand ball by Lionel Messi (Barcelona).
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Nacho.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Kiko Olivas.
Attempt blocked. Luis Suárez (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Kiko Olivas.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Jordi Masip.
Attempt saved. Coutinho (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Sergio Busquets.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Javi Moyano.
Attempt saved. Luis Suárez (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Coutinho with a through ball.
Gerard Piqué (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Enes Ünal (Real Valladolid).
Corner,Real Valladolid. Conceded by Gerard Piqué.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Kiko Olivas.
Kiko Olivas (Real Valladolid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona).
Attempt missed. Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Jordi Alba.
Offside, Real Valladolid. Jordi Masip tries a through ball, but Óscar Plano is caught offside.
Foul by Borja Fernández (Real Valladolid).
Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Ousmane Dembélé (Barcelona) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Coutinho.
Attempt saved. Rubén Alcaraz (Real Valladolid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Javi Moyano.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Javi Moyano.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Rubén Alcaraz.
Corner,Barcelona. Conceded by Nacho.
Corner,Real Valladolid. Conceded by Marc-André ter Stegen.
Attempt saved. Enes Ünal (Real Valladolid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top right corner.
Foul by Ivan Rakitic (Barcelona).
Second Half ends, Atlético de Madrid 1, Rayo Vallecano 0.
Foul by Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid).
Luis Advíncula (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Óscar Trejo (Rayo Vallecano) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Adrián Embarba with a cross.
Attempt saved. Sergio Moreno (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Óscar Trejo with a cross.
Koke (Atlético de Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Koke (Atlético de Madrid).
José Pozo (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt saved. José Pozo (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Álex Moreno.
Attempt saved. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Foul by Diego Godín (Atlético de Madrid).
Sergio Moreno (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Luis Advíncula (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Adrián Embarba with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Stefan Savic.
Corner,Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Diego Godín.
Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Sergio Moreno replaces Álvaro García.
Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Gelson Martins replaces Antoine Griezmann.
Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Luis Advíncula (Rayo Vallecano).
Attempt missed. Álvaro Medrán (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by José Pozo.
Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Álvaro Medrán replaces Gaël Kakuta.
Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. José Pozo replaces Santiago Comesaña.
Foul by Diego Godín (Atlético de Madrid).
Gaël Kakuta (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Jordi Amat.
Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Koke replaces Ángel Correa.
Goal!Atlético de Madrid 1, Rayo Vallecano 0. Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Stefan Savic following a corner.
Attempt missed. Stefan Savic (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Thomas Lemar with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Abdoulaye Ba.
Attempt missed. Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Stefan Savic.
Attempt missed. Óscar Trejo (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Álvaro García.
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Ángel Correa tries a through ball, but Antoine Griezmann is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Álvaro García (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from the left side of the box is too high. Assisted by Álex Moreno.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Luis Advíncula.
Attempt missed. Lucas Hernández (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Thomas Lemar.
Foul by Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid).
Gorka Elustondo (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Thomas Partey.
Second Half begins Atlético de Madrid 0, Rayo Vallecano 0.
First Half ends, Atlético de Madrid 0, Rayo Vallecano 0.
Attempt missed. Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Antoine Griezmann with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Gorka Elustondo.
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Thomas Partey tries a through ball, but Ángel Correa is caught offside.
Foul by Luis Advíncula (Rayo Vallecano).
Lucas Hernández (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Abdoulaye Ba.
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Ángel Correa tries a through ball, but Thomas Lemar is caught offside.
Attempt saved. Thomas Lemar (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Ángel Correa.
Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Thomas Partey replaces Juanfran because of an injury.
Offside, Rayo Vallecano. Adrián Embarba tries a through ball, but Álex Moreno is caught offside.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Rayo Vallecano).
Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid).
Álvaro García (Rayo Vallecano) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Ángel Correa (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Álvaro García (Rayo Vallecano).
Foul by Álex Moreno (Rayo Vallecano).
Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Hand ball by Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid).
Foul by Gorka Elustondo (Rayo Vallecano).
Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Stefan Savic.
Attempt blocked. Álvaro García (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Álex Moreno.
Attempt blocked. Álex Moreno (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Álvaro García.
Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Abdoulaye Ba (Rayo Vallecano).
Foul by Óscar Trejo (Rayo Vallecano).
Diego Godín (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Gorka Elustondo.
Foul by Álex Moreno (Rayo Vallecano).
Ángel Correa (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Jordi Amat.
Attempt missed. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Óscar Trejo following a corner.
Corner,Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Stefan Savic.
Attempt missed. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the right misses to the left. Assisted by Óscar Trejo.
Attempt blocked. Lucas Hernández (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Saúl Ñíguez.
Attempt blocked. Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Gorka Elustondo.
Attempt missed. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Santiago Comesaña with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Stefan Savic.
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Juanfran tries a through ball, but Diego Costa is caught offside.
First Half begins.
Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
Second Half ends, Valencia 1, Atlético de Madrid 1.
Attempt saved. Kevin Gameiro (Valencia) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Daniel Wass with a headed pass.
Attempt missed. Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick.
Foul by Michy Batshuayi (Valencia).
Stefan Savic (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Gabriel.
Attempt blocked. Vitolo (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Koke.
Attempt saved. Michy Batshuayi (Valencia) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Daniel Wass.
Attempt saved. Daniel Wass (Valencia) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Michy Batshuayi.
Foul by Gelson Martins (Atlético de Madrid).
José Gayá (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Koke (Atlético de Madrid).
Michy Batshuayi (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Thomas Partey replaces Ángel Correa.
Attempt missed. Stefan Savic (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Koke with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by José Gayá.
Foul by Michy Batshuayi (Valencia).
Koke (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Valencia. Michy Batshuayi replaces Carlos Soler.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Valencia).
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Cristiano Piccini.
Foul by Filipe Luís (Atlético de Madrid).
Carlos Soler (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Gelson Martins replaces Antoine Griezmann.
Rodrigo Moreno (Valencia) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Vitolo (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Rodrigo Moreno (Valencia).
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Stefan Savic tries a through ball, but Koke is caught offside.
Attempt blocked. Stefan Savic (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Koke with a cross.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Rodrigo Moreno.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Mouctar Diakhaby.
Substitution, Valencia. Kevin Gameiro replaces Santi Mina.
Substitution, Valencia. Mouctar Diakhaby replaces Ezequiel Garay because of an injury.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Filipe Luís.
Gabriel (Valencia) hits the right post with a header from the centre of the box. Assisted by Daniel Parejo with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Stefan Savic.
Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Vitolo replaces Thomas Lemar.
Filipe Luís (Atlético de Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Filipe Luís (Atlético de Madrid).
Carlos Soler (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Daniel Parejo (Valencia) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Rodrigo Moreno with a headed pass.
Foul by Filipe Luís (Atlético de Madrid).
Carlos Soler (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Thomas Lemar (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Carlos Soler (Valencia).
Goal!Valencia 1, Atlético de Madrid 1. Rodrigo Moreno (Valencia) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Daniel Wass.
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Jan Oblak tries a through ball, but Ángel Correa is caught offside.
Juanfran (Atlético de Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Juanfran (Atlético de Madrid).
Daniel Wass (Valencia) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt missed. Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Thomas Lemar.
Cristiano Piccini (Valencia) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid).
Second Half begins Valencia 0, Atlético de Madrid 1.
First Half ends, Valencia 0, Atlético de Madrid 1.
Gabriel (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid).
Ezequiel Garay (Valencia) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Ezequiel Garay (Valencia).
Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Thomas Lemar tries a through ball, but Koke is caught offside.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Ezequiel Garay.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Carlos Soler.
Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Juanfran tries a through ball, but Diego Costa is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Santi Mina (Valencia) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by José Gayá with a cross.
Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Daniel Parejo (Valencia).
Attempt missed. Daniel Wass (Valencia) header from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Daniel Parejo.
Foul by Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid).
Daniel Wass (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Ángel Correa (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Daniel Wass (Valencia).
Hand ball by Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid).
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Neto.
Attempt saved. Diego Costa (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Antoine Griezmann.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Valencia).
Foul by Carlos Soler (Valencia).
Thomas Lemar (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Rodrigo Moreno (Valencia) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Carlos Soler.
Goal!Valencia 0, Atlético de Madrid 1. Ángel Correa (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Antoine Griezmann with a through ball.
Foul by Santi Mina (Valencia).
Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by José Gayá.
Attempt missed. Carlos Soler (Valencia) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Santi Mina.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Koke.
Attempt blocked. Daniel Parejo (Valencia) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Cristiano Piccini.
Second Half ends, Girona 1, Real Madrid 4.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Borja García.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Bernardo Espinosa.
Attempt blocked. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Toni Kroos.
Attempt saved. Álex Granell (Girona) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.
Attempt missed. David Timor (Girona) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Álex Granell.
Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card.
(Girona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid).
Offside, Girona. Aday Benítez tries a through ball, but Cristhian Stuani is caught offside.
Substitution, Real Madrid. Lucas Vázquez replaces Gareth Bale.
Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Aday Benítez (Girona).
Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Aleix García (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
Goal!Girona 1, Real Madrid 4. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Gareth Bale.
Substitution, Girona. Aday Benítez replaces Pedro Porro.
Foul by Raphael Varane (Real Madrid).
Cristhian Stuani (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Borja García (Girona) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Aleix García.
Attempt saved. Raphael Varane (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Nacho.
Attempt missed. Nacho (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left following a corner.
Substitution, Real Madrid. Luka Modric replaces Isco.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Marc Muniesa.
Foul by Isco (Real Madrid).
Portu (Girona) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Portu (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Toni Kroos (Real Madrid).
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Juanpe.
Substitution, Girona. Aleix García replaces Pere Pons.
Attempt saved. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Karim Benzema.
Portu (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Nacho (Real Madrid).
Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt blocked. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
VAR: Mistaken Identity. Referee decision on field cancelled.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Marc Muniesa (Girona) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Delay in match(Real Madrid). Video Review.
Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Marc Muniesa (Girona).
Attempt missed. Álex Granell (Girona) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Pedro Porro with a cross.
Substitution, Real Madrid. Raphael Varane replaces Marcelo.
Goal!Girona 1, Real Madrid 3. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Isco with a through ball following a fast break.
Álex Granell (Girona) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
Substitution, Girona. Cristhian Stuani replaces Anthony Lozano.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Marc Muniesa.
Attempt saved. Anthony Lozano (Girona) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Pedro Porro.
Corner,Girona. Conceded by Marcelo.
Goal!Girona 1, Real Madrid 2. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Penalty Real Madrid. Marco Asensio draws a foul in the penalty area.
Penalty conceded by Pere Pons (Girona) after a foul in the penalty area.
Attempt saved. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Marcelo.
Attempt missed. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Karim Benzema.
Second Half begins Girona 1, Real Madrid 1.
First Half ends, Girona 1, Real Madrid 1.
Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Pere Pons (Girona).
Attempt missed. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Karim Benzema.
Borja García (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
Corner,Girona. Conceded by Nacho.
Goal!Girona 1, Real Madrid 1. Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the high centre of the goal.
Penalty conceded by Marc Muniesa (Girona) after a foul in the penalty area.
Penalty Real Madrid. Marco Asensio draws a foul in the penalty area.
Attempt blocked. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Attempt saved. Isco (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Gareth Bale with a cross.
Foul by Gareth Bale (Real Madrid).
Portu (Girona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Marcelo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Attempt missed. Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Marcelo following a set piece situation.
Pedro Porro (Girona) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Pedro Porro (Girona).
Attempt missed. Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Marcelo with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by David Timor.
Attempt blocked. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Gareth Bale.
Attempt missed. Marcelo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Isco.
Attempt missed. Pere Pons (Girona) left footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left.
Attempt blocked. Pere Pons (Girona) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Corner,Real Madrid. Conceded by Pere Pons.
Attempt saved. Juanpe (Girona) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
Corner,Girona. Conceded by Daniel Carvajal.
Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Damián Musto (Huesca).
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Gonzalo Melero.
Offside, Athletic Club. Yuri tries a through ball, but Iñaki Williams is caught offside.
Foul by Gonzalo Melero (Huesca).
Raúl García (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Goal!Athletic Club 2, Huesca 2. Ezequiel Ávila (Huesca) left footed shot from outside the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Gonzalo Melero.
Substitution, Athletic Club. Gorka Guruzeta replaces Markel Susaeta.
Raúl García (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by David Ferreiro (Huesca).
Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) hits the left post with a right footed shot from the right side of the box.
Substitution, Athletic Club. Ander Capa replaces Óscar De Marcos.
Attempt missed. Damián Musto (Huesca) left footed shot from outside the box is too high following a set piece situation.
Foul by Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club).
Damián Musto (Huesca) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Corner,Huesca. Conceded by Unai Simón.
Attempt saved. Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jorge Miramón with a cross.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Attempt blocked. Ezequiel Ávila (Huesca) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Jorge Miramón with a cross.
Substitution, Huesca. Ezequiel Ávila replaces Samuele Longo.
Ander Iturraspe (Athletic Club) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Jorge Miramón (Huesca) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Ander Iturraspe (Athletic Club).
Jorge Pulido (Huesca) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Jorge Pulido (Huesca).
Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Goal!Athletic Club 2, Huesca 1. Jorge Miramón (Huesca) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jorge Pulido following a corner.
Substitution, Athletic Club. Ander Iturraspe replaces Iñigo Córdoba.
Corner,Huesca. Conceded by Raúl García.
Substitution, Huesca. Serdar Gurler replaces Álex Gallar.
Foul by Raúl García (Athletic Club).
Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Yuri (Athletic Club).
Samuele Longo (Huesca) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Goal!Athletic Club 2, Huesca 0. Yuri (Athletic Club) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Iñaki Williams.
Dani García (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca).
Substitution, Huesca. David Ferreiro replaces Moi Gómez.
Attempt missed. Iñigo Córdoba (Athletic Club) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right following a set piece situation.
Hand ball by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Yuri (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Gonzalo Melero (Huesca).
Raúl García (Athletic Club) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Foul by Moi Gómez (Huesca).
Raúl García (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Iñigo Córdoba (Athletic Club) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross.
Corner,Athletic Club. Conceded by Jorge Pulido.
Attempt blocked. Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Dani García.
Attempt saved. Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Damián Musto.
Foul by Dani García (Athletic Club).
Álex Gallar (Huesca) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Álex Gallar.
Goal!Athletic Club 1, Huesca 0. Markel Susaeta (Athletic Club) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Iñaki Williams.
Second Half begins Athletic Club 0, Huesca 0.
First Half ends, Athletic Club 0, Huesca 0.
Iñaki Williams (Athletic Club) hits the right post with a right footed shot from the left side of the box. Assisted by Raúl García.
Attempt missed. Óscar De Marcos (Athletic Club) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.
Dani García (Athletic Club) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Dani García (Athletic Club).
Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Raúl García (Athletic Club) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is too high. Assisted by Markel Susaeta with a cross following a set piece situation.
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Damián Musto (Huesca).
Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Samuele Longo (Huesca).
Attempt saved. Peru Nolaskoain (Athletic Club) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Óscar De Marcos.
Iker Muniain (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Damián Musto (Huesca).
Offside, Athletic Club. Iker Muniain tries a through ball, but Yuri is caught offside.
Foul by Dani García (Athletic Club).
Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Iñigo Córdoba (Athletic Club) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Moi Gómez (Huesca).
Foul by Óscar De Marcos (Athletic Club).
Luisinho (Huesca) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club).
Juan Camilo Hernández (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Iñigo Córdoba (Athletic Club) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Iker Muniain.
Samuele Longo (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Yeray Álvarez (Athletic Club).
Gonzalo Melero (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Raúl García (Athletic Club).
Attempt blocked. Raúl García (Athletic Club) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Óscar De Marcos.
Foul by Markel Susaeta (Athletic Club).
Luisinho (Huesca) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Jorge Miramón (Huesca).
Iñigo Córdoba (Athletic Club) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Second Half ends, Espanyol 2, Valencia 0.
Foul by Kevin Gameiro (Valencia).
Sergi Darder (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Michy Batshuayi (Valencia) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Marc Roca.
Foul by Víctor Sánchez (Espanyol).
Denis Cheryshev (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Borja Iglesias (Espanyol).
Gabriel (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Javi López (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Denis Cheryshev (Valencia).
Attempt missed. Kevin Gameiro (Valencia) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Denis Cheryshev with a cross.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Diego López.
Attempt saved. Geoffrey Kondogbia (Valencia) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Michy Batshuayi.
Attempt blocked. Michy Batshuayi (Valencia) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Denis Cheryshev.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Marc Roca.
Geoffrey Kondogbia (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Borja Iglesias (Espanyol).
Foul by Michy Batshuayi (Valencia).
David López (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Hernán Pérez.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Javi López.
Foul by David López (Espanyol).
José Gayá (Valencia) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Dídac Vilá (Espanyol).
Carlos Soler (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Espanyol. Víctor Sánchez replaces Esteban Granero.
Attempt blocked. Geoffrey Kondogbia (Valencia) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by José Gayá.
Substitution, Espanyol. Pablo Piatti replaces Leo Baptistao.
Substitution, Valencia. Michy Batshuayi replaces Rodrigo Moreno.
Attempt blocked. José Gayá (Valencia) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Kevin Gameiro.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by David López.
Foul by Leo Baptistao (Espanyol).
Carlos Soler (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Sergi Darder (Espanyol) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high following a fast break.
Attempt blocked. Sergi Darder (Espanyol) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Hernán Pérez.
Attempt blocked. Hernán Pérez (Espanyol) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Borja Iglesias.
Substitution, Espanyol. Hernán Pérez replaces Sergio García.
Foul by Marc Roca (Espanyol).
Rodrigo Moreno (Valencia) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Goal!Espanyol 2, Valencia 0. Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner.
Attempt blocked. Dídac Vilá (Espanyol) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Leo Baptistao.
Foul by Mouctar Diakhaby (Valencia).
Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Valencia. Kevin Gameiro replaces Santi Mina.
Attempt missed. Leo Baptistao (Espanyol) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Esteban Granero.
Attempt saved. Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) header from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Javi López.
Foul by José Gayá (Valencia).
Sergi Darder (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Substitution, Valencia. Denis Cheryshev replaces Daniel Wass.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
VAR: Goal. Referee decision on field cancelled.
Delay in match(Espanyol). Video Review.
Goal!Espanyol 1, Valencia 0. Esteban Granero (Espanyol) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
Hand ball by Mouctar Diakhaby (Valencia).
Attempt blocked. Sergi Darder (Espanyol) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Esteban Granero.
Esteban Granero (Espanyol) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Daniel Parejo (Valencia).
Attempt saved. Dídac Vilá (Espanyol) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Esteban Granero with a cross.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Neto.
Attempt saved. Leo Baptistao (Espanyol) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Borja Iglesias.
Offside, Espanyol. Javi López tries a through ball, but Borja Iglesias is caught offside.
Attempt saved. Leo Baptistao (Espanyol) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Borja Iglesias.
Attempt blocked. Daniel Wass (Valencia) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Attempt blocked. Geoffrey Kondogbia (Valencia) with an attempt from very close range is blocked. Assisted by Daniel Parejo with a cross.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Sergio García.
Attempt blocked. Carlos Soler (Valencia) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Daniel Wass.
Corner,Valencia. Conceded by Leo Baptistao.
Attempt missed. Marc Roca (Espanyol) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Javi López.
Mario Hermoso (Espanyol) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Mario Hermoso (Espanyol).
Rodrigo Moreno (Valencia) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Second Half begins Espanyol 0, Valencia 0.
First Half ends, Espanyol 0, Valencia 0.
Attempt missed. Sergio García (Espanyol) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Dídac Vilá.
Attempt blocked. Leo Baptistao (Espanyol) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Attempt saved. Mario Hermoso (Espanyol) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Sergio García with a cross.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Daniel Wass.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by Gabriel.
Attempt missed. Carlos Soler (Valencia) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Daniel Wass.
Daniel Wass (Valencia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Esteban Granero (Espanyol).
Offside, Valencia. Rodrigo Moreno tries a through ball, but Santi Mina is caught offside.
Daniel Wass (Valencia) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Javi López (Espanyol).
Attempt saved. Mario Hermoso (Espanyol) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Esteban Granero.
Corner,Espanyol. Conceded by José Gayá.
Attempt saved. Borja Iglesias (Espanyol) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner.
Second Half ends, Alavés 0, Real Betis 0.
Foul by Andrés Guardado (Real Betis).
Manu García (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Patrick Twumasi (Alavés).
Cristian Tello (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Antonio Sanabria (Real Betis).
Manu García (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Mubarak Wakaso (Alavés) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right following a corner.
Corner,Alavés. Conceded by Pau López.
Attempt saved. Patrick Twumasi (Alavés) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Fernando Pacheco.
Offside, Real Betis. Marc Bartra tries a through ball, but Loren Morón is caught offside.
Attempt blocked. Loren Morón (Real Betis) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Foul by Patrick Twumasi (Alavés).
Marc Bartra (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Alavés. Patrick Twumasi replaces Jony.
Attempt saved. Cristian Tello (Real Betis) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Andrés Guardado.
Substitution, Real Betis. Ryad Boudebouz replaces William Carvalho.
Attempt missed. John Guidetti (Alavés) left footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left following a corner.
Corner,Alavés. Conceded by Cristian Tello.
Foul by Loren Morón (Real Betis).
Ibai Gómez (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Burgui (Alavés) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Aissa Mandi (Real Betis).
Attempt saved. Loren Morón (Real Betis) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Sergio Canales with a through ball.
Attempt blocked. Sergio Canales (Real Betis) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Cristian Tello.
Substitution, Real Betis. Cristian Tello replaces Francis.
Foul by Sergio Canales (Real Betis).
Manu García (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Manu García (Alavés) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by John Guidetti.
Substitution, Alavés. Burgui replaces Rubén Sobrino.
Martín Aguirregabiria (Alavés) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Loren Morón (Real Betis) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Martín Aguirregabiria (Alavés).
Attempt missed. Zouhair Feddal (Real Betis) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Sergio Canales with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Guillermo Maripán.
Hand ball by John Guidetti (Alavés).
Attempt missed. Mubarak Wakaso (Alavés) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Martín Aguirregabiria.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Víctor Laguardia.
Substitution, Alavés. John Guidetti replaces Borja Bastón.
Rubén Sobrino (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by William Carvalho (Real Betis).
Attempt blocked. Antonio Sanabria (Real Betis) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is blocked. Assisted by Loren Morón with a headed pass.
Substitution, Real Betis. Antonio Sanabria replaces Takashi Inui.
Attempt missed. Víctor Laguardia (Alavés) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Ibai Gómez with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Alavés. Conceded by Marc Bartra.
Attempt blocked. Jony (Alavés) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Mubarak Wakaso.
Foul by Sergio Canales (Real Betis).
Manu García (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Alavés. Conceded by Zouhair Feddal.
Foul by Marc Bartra (Real Betis).
Rubén Sobrino (Alavés) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Offside, Real Betis. Marc Bartra tries a through ball, but Loren Morón is caught offside.
Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Manu García (Alavés).
Offside, Real Betis. Francis tries a through ball, but Loren Morón is caught offside.
Rubén Duarte (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sergio Canales (Real Betis).
Attempt saved. Rubén Duarte (Alavés) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
Attempt saved. Jony (Alavés) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Attempt blocked. Rubén Sobrino (Alavés) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
Attempt blocked. Rubén Duarte (Alavés) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Ibai Gómez with a cross.
Martín Aguirregabiria (Alavés) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Takashi Inui (Real Betis).
Attempt missed. Loren Morón (Real Betis) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left.
Manu García (Alavés) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Manu García (Alavés).
William Carvalho (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Jony (Alavés) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
Second Half begins Alavés 0, Real Betis 0.
First Half ends, Alavés 0, Real Betis 0.
Foul by Manu García (Alavés).
Andrés Guardado (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Zouhair Feddal (Real Betis) because of an injury.
Corner,Alavés. Conceded by Francis.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Júnior Firpo (Real Betis) because of an injury.
Mubarak Wakaso (Alavés) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Mubarak Wakaso (Alavés).
Júnior Firpo (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,Real Betis. Conceded by Martín Aguirregabiria.
Attempt missed. Jony (Alavés) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.
Offside, Real Betis. Sergio Canales tries a through ball, but Loren Morón is caught offside.
Takashi Inui (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Martín Aguirregabiria (Alavés).
Foul by Guillermo Maripán (Alavés).
Sergio Canales (Real Betis) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Rubén Sobrino (Alavés) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Manu García.
Second Half ends, Rayo Vallecano 1, Sevilla 4.
Attempt missed. Javi Guerra (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high following a set piece situation.
Foul by Simon Kjaer (Sevilla).
Javi Guerra (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Offside, Sevilla. Franco Vázquez tries a through ball, but Jesús Navas is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Gaël Kakuta (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Óscar Trejo.
Attempt missed. André Silva (Sevilla) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Luis Muriel.
Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) hits the bar with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. Assisted by Gaël Kakuta with a cross.
Offside, Sevilla. Gabriel Mercado tries a through ball, but Luis Muriel is caught offside.
Goal!Rayo Vallecano 1, Sevilla 4. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
VAR: Penalty Kick. Referee decision on field cancelled.
Delay in match(Sevilla). Video Review.
Penalty conceded by Roque Mesa (Sevilla) after a foul in the penalty area.
Penalty Rayo Vallecano. Adrián Embarba draws a foul in the penalty area.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
VAR: Goal. Referee decision on field cancelled.
Delay in match(Sevilla). Video Review.
Goal!Rayo Vallecano 0, Sevilla 4. André Silva (Sevilla) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Franco Vázquez with a through ball.
Substitution, Sevilla. Luis Muriel replaces Pablo Sarabia.
Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Luis Advíncula replaces José Pozo.
Óscar Trejo (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Roque Mesa (Sevilla).
Attempt blocked. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Attempt blocked. Jesús Navas (Sevilla) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Pablo Sarabia with a headed pass.
Attempt missed. Ibrahim Amadou (Sevilla) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by André Silva.
Substitution, Sevilla. Ibrahim Amadou replaces Éver Banega.
Attempt missed. Gaël Kakuta (Rayo Vallecano) header from very close range is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Adrián Embarba with a cross.
Substitution, Rayo Vallecano. Javi Guerra replaces Álvaro Medrán.
Offside, Sevilla. Aleix Vidal tries a through ball, but Franco Vázquez is caught offside.
Corner,Sevilla. Conceded by Óscar Trejo.
Corner,Sevilla. Conceded by Abdoulaye Ba.
Attempt saved. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Jesús Navas.
José Pozo (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Aleix Vidal (Sevilla).
Foul by Éver Banega (Sevilla).
Álvaro Medrán (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Offside, Sevilla. Éver Banega tries a through ball, but Jesús Navas is caught offside.
Substitution, Sevilla. Aleix Vidal replaces Sergio Escudero.
José Pozo (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by André Silva (Sevilla).
Foul by Jordi Amat (Rayo Vallecano).
André Silva (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Óscar Trejo (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Simon Kjaer (Sevilla).
Attempt missed. Óscar Trejo (Rayo Vallecano) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Tito with a cross.
Offside, Sevilla. Gabriel Mercado tries a through ball, but Pablo Sarabia is caught offside.
Tito (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by André Silva (Sevilla).
Attempt missed. Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right.
Attempt blocked. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Óscar Trejo.
Gaël Kakuta (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sergi Gómez (Sevilla).
Attempt missed. Jesús Navas (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Pablo Sarabia with a cross.
Offside, Rayo Vallecano. José Pozo tries a through ball, but Gaël Kakuta is caught offside.
Second Half begins Rayo Vallecano 0, Sevilla 3.
First Half ends, Rayo Vallecano 0, Sevilla 3.
Goal!Rayo Vallecano 0, Sevilla 3. André Silva (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Gabriel Mercado following a corner.
Corner,Sevilla. Conceded by Tito.
Foul by Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano).
Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Jesús Navas (Sevilla) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Éver Banega.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match(Sevilla).
Goal!Rayo Vallecano 0, Sevilla 2. André Silva (Sevilla) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Sergio Escudero.
Attempt saved. André Silva (Sevilla) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Franco Vázquez with a through ball.
Attempt missed. Gabriel Mercado (Sevilla) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Pablo Sarabia with a cross following a corner.
Corner,Sevilla. Conceded by Abdoulaye Ba.
Attempt blocked. Álex Moreno (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Corner,Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Jesús Navas.
Attempt blocked. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Foul by Roque Mesa (Sevilla).
José Pozo (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Corner,Rayo Vallecano. Conceded by Gabriel Mercado.
Attempt blocked. Álex Moreno (Rayo Vallecano) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Gaël Kakuta.
Foul by Abdoulaye Ba (Rayo Vallecano).
Tomás Vaclik (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Abdoulaye Ba (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Óscar Trejo.
Foul by Pablo Sarabia (Sevilla).
Chechu Dorado (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt blocked. Adrián Embarba (Rayo Vallecano) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is blocked. Assisted by Óscar Trejo.
Foul by André Silva (Sevilla).
Jordi Amat (Rayo Vallecano) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Goal!Rayo Vallecano 0, Sevilla 1. Franco Vázquez (Sevilla) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jesús Navas.
Attempt missed. Éver Banega (Sevilla) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick.
José Pozo (Rayo Vallecano) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Roque Mesa (Sevilla) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Óscar Trejo (Rayo Vallecano).